I think the one single only good thing
to come out of this war in Ukraine is
that the government turned around and
suddenly decided it wanted to attacks
rich people a very specific subset of
rich people which is Russian
billionaires and uh Roman Abramovic who
of course owns Chelsea Football Club
heing paid it because you cannot put
Chelsea Football Club in a bag you know
I think that idea rests on a perception
of rich people as if they are guys with
like a massive bag of cash okay rich
people are rich because they own your
houses they own your house they own your
mortgage they owning tesos down the road
they own the skyscrapers they own theing
windmills they own the oil rigs they own
the land that makes the food they are
rich because they own real Assets in
this they they're rich because they own
this country and they can leave if they
want the country will still be here and
we can tax the assets where the assets
are which is here